1. Introduction

           1.1 Purpose
           In general, the WebdriverIO is considered to be a JavaScript-based custom implementation of the Selenium 
           webdriver API. It is intended to make simple but at the same time powerful software which improve the 
           user-application interactions and help user to write quick test suite. The WebdriverIO is focused to work 
           with application created with current web frameworks (eg. Angular, Vue.js, React or Polymer). It is also 
           support working with the native iOS, Android mobile applications.

           1.2 Intended Audience
           WebdriverIO is described as a software for anyone who wants to create simple web and mobile platform tests 
           and have them run on a range of browsers. There are even a simple tutorial with documentation that helps 
           user to understand which allign with their politics that the "software should be attainable for everyone 
           who is curious".
           
           1.3 Intended Usage
           WebdriverIO lets you to write in an asynchronous manner, which can be useful in eliminating race situations 
           for the user.           
           
           1.4 Acronyms and Definitions 
            - Selenium is a library for automating browsers. Selenium is most commonly used for web application testing, 
            however, it may be used for any task that involves automating browser interaction.
            - Web frameworks is a software framework that helps developers create web applications such as web services, 
            web resources, and web APIs.
            - A race condition occurs in software when the proper operation of a computer program is dependent on the order
            or timing of the program's processes or threads.
            - From a developer's perspective, Test-Driven Development(TDD) is a testing methodology or a programming 
            discipline.
            - The testing strategy Behavioral-Driven Development (BDD) is derived from the (TDD) methodology
            that is more focused on on systems behavior testing.
            - Node.js is a runtime software that is mostly used to create server-side JavaScript apps.
            - LTS stands for "Long Term Support" and refers to software that is supported for a longer length of time 
            than the standard edition.
            
2. Overall Description

           2.1 User Needs
           First of all, the user need to have the basic understanding of WebdriverIO use. Before downloading and working with 
           WebdriverIO the programmer is required to have install Node.js. Because  WebdriverIO specifically requires 
           LTS (Long Term Support) version, so the programmer need to install version 12.16.1 or above.
           It is advised to download NVM first if you don't already installed Node.js. NVM facilitate working numerous active 
           Node versions. Furthermore, it is advised to install Python v3 (or above versions) in order to work with WDIO Testrunner 
           in synchronous mode.
            
           2.2 Assumptions and Dependencies
           Current WebdriverIO project have already sattisfied its main objectives such as building toolkit which hepls to make tests 
           fast and in an organized way, making them much easier to change and manage. The project is headed toward the maintaing 
           and bag fixing phase. As it stated there is still room for an imporvement.
